[16.0][ADD] edi_sale_edifact_oca (#32)
OCA/edi-framework: edi_sale_edifact_oca/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module provides a demo exchange type setting for EDIFACT standard.

Reviewer: if it's only for demo/example purpose, we should rename this module :wink:

Reviewer 2: hehe it is for demo/example purpose but also includes tests and might one day include additional specific components for EDIFACT if needed

> This module provides a demo exchange type setting for EDIFACT standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides an example on how to configure and exchange type for EDIFACT standard,
as well as some test coverage for importing orders with the same standard.
```
